# UG-Mini-Project
  An electronic medical assistant for the older population, the pill reminder and medication tracker using OCR. Medication reminders, comprising the colour, name, and quantity of the tablet as well as the advised time to take it, may be provided by the user or anybody acting on their behalf. The reminder helps the user check up the precise tablets they need to take while also speaking out loud what they must take. This state-of-the-art tool allows a doctor to enter patient information, which will aid with memory, The system also gives the user the option to photograph their medications or use OCR, which prints out text on the screen for them to tap and store using their camera.
  The system makes advantage of Mobile Vision API to implement OCR. By using OCR, this can also save a significant amount of time by eliminating the need to input the name of a drug. This system might be useful if someone needs to take a lot of tablets.
  This is the basic concept of my mini-project which basically a reminder program helps the people to remeber their medication name, dosage at the right time. 
  Here, we can also track their medications by seeing the dashboard which saves about their intake of medicines including their details. Which helps the patient's supporters to keep the details about the patients medications. Basically, this remind the patients in the form of "Notifications and Alarm(with the features of alarm like soonze)". By clicking on intake button on the alarm the dashboard can able to save the intake medications details. We can add more than 5 medications in this process.
  We can run the code using android studio. If we connect our device as a emulator which helps to install the application into that device. By this we can able to use this application in our mobile devices.
